Over the years, more and more mobs,
blocks, and items have been added to
Minecraft to the point where there are
now over 1,600 unique textures that need
to be done by anyone hoping to create
their own texture pack. But now, imagine
having to do all of that by hand. It
might seem impossible, but that's
exactly what these creators have set out
to do. First is Creative Patty, who has
been painstakingly drawing all of the
textures in the game with a blue
ballpoint pen. Their texture pack gives
the game such a unique feeling, like my
doodles and math class sprang to life
and became their own world. And when you
use the pack with shaders, the effect is
even better. It looks like the blocks in
the game are actually made of paper. But
then there's Edge Case Labs, who's doing
an even more insane challenge by using
paint to recreate all the textures in
full color. They're estimating it's
going to take 5 years of painting every
single day just to complete them all. I
downloaded the pack and it was
immediately so surreal. It felt like I
was playing Minecraft inside an oil
painting. They've already completed all
the flowers in the game, as well as some
of the most iconic textures. Something
is so satisfying about seeing all the
little imperfections in the pixel art. I
especially fell in love with the cactus
texture and the amethyst clusters. Doing
this amount of artwork for a project is
absolutely insane, let alone for a
texture pack that's completely free for
everyone to download and enjoy. So, do
me a big favor and go show these
talented creators as much love as you